Thanks for seeing me.
- I'm just such a mess right now.
- Of course.
ZORN: Is that Edie? Let me
guess, she's a mess, right?
Craig has been gone
for almost two days.
He won't answer his phone.
I don't know what to tell Alan.
Plus, our wedding caterer
keeps calling
about the appetizers...
I panicked.
I told her just double them.
Shh. Take the wine.
Yeah, be less crazy.
Or drink a whole lot of wine
and get real crazy!
Linda, you want to get crazy?
I'll get crazy!
Again I am so sorry
about this Zorn thing.
[sighs]
Honestly, it's fine.
I have no feelings for Zorn,
which is why
this whole Craig thing
is so crazy.
"Zorn and I were meant
to be together"?
If that were true,
we'd still be married,
and I wouldn't owe him
ten chickens a month.
- Zephyrian alimony is so weird.
- I just don't know what to do.
I'll tell you what you're gonna do.
You're gonna come with me, and
we're gonna go find your fiancé
together, if that's what you
really definitely want to do.
Like, 100% for sure.
- How are you going to do that?
- Edie, sweetie,
I'm a world-class hunter, all right.
Now, of course, I've never
taken my prey alive,
- but how different can it be, right?
- Hey, I'll come, too.
- Oh, hell yeah.
- Um...
Chasing a guy who doesn't
want to be found
is not my ideal way to
get out of town, but hey,
- a vacation's a vacation. I'll drive.
- Oh, yeah!
- All right. I guess I need all the help I can get.
- Hey, Linda, babe,
you think my centaur sex suit
will fit in your car?
It took me, like, 45 minutes
to squeeze into, so...
Oh, absolutely not.
- Not in my car.
- ZORN: Okay, fine. No big deal.
[clears throat, chuckles]
[straining]
Yeah.
[grunting]
The zipper...
[grunting continues]
[title music]
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
[school bell ringing]
Come on, Alan. If you can
show me, you can show them.
ALAN: I didn't think you were
really gonna make me do this.
I only agreed 'cause... I thought
we could make out some more.
Can I tell you a secret?
I would have made out
with you anyway. Come on.
- Come on!
- Fine.
[music]
♪ I see you walking ♪
- # Walking down the street #
- BOY: Hey...
Alan's got Zephyrian legs!
- Oh, my God, they're into it?
- I told you.
People love it when
you're different.
Let your freak flag fly,
Son of Zorn.
[music]
Ah, well, I've called everyone
who would know where Craig is,
and no one does.
Wow, you are much less freaked
out after a little wine. [chuckles]
Hey, we should take you to a vineyard
if Craig turns up dead. [laughs]
Anyway, want to hand me
that sweater?
I'm in hunter mode now,
so I apologize in advance
if it's turning you both on sexually.
[sniffing]
Uh, turn left up here.
So just by smelling
Craig's sweater,
Zorn can catch his scent
and track him?
Zorn's nose is incredibly powerful.
Ooh, ooh, is that Craig?
[sniffs]
No, no, that's a baby crawling
in a field of jasmine.
Okay, turn right now.
Turn right! Turn right!
- Turn right, Linda!
- What? Warn me.
I'm in the left lane.
[horns honking]
Remember when you tracked Skunkman?
Oh, Skunkman, that's right!
No, he got cold feet at his wedding,
and we tracked him down
at that rent-a-chapel, right?
EDIE: Yeah, and he was so hammered
he got married to
the wrong woman by accident.
And that marriage lasted 21 years.
Could have gone longer
if he hadn't had
his tiny rodent skull crushed.
His wife ended up getting it
stuffed and mounted.
So those little glass eyes
stare at her now as she sleeps.
Love is just a beautiful,
strange, weird sexy thing.
So... do I need to turn
anytime soon or...
ZORN: Linda, we're reminiscing
and honoring the memory
of my dear friend Skunkman.
Please be respectful.
[sniffs] Oh, you should have
turned back there.
CRAIG: Hey, guys, thank you so
much for letting me stay here.
Of course!
Anything for my little bro.
Or for an investor
in my new business.
Luckily, while you're here,
you can be both.
Oh, what happened to the DJ
classes that I paid for?
I finished them,
but all the DJ jobs
want you to work at night,
and that's when I go clubbing.
DIANE: Look, I talked to Edie.
She's looking for you.
What is going on?
Oh. Everything is fine.
Edie just has some stuff
she needs to work out
with her ex-husband, Zorn.
But I think those two are gonna
be real happy together.
Those two go together like
peanut butter and steak.
Ah, my food truck. I still don't
know why that didn't work out.
Because people are idiots, Robert.
Well, everything happens
for a reason.
My failed dog-walking business,
face grease for people
who can't sweat.
Those were steps down a path to
bring me to my true calling...
Rob Ross's Artisanal
Blackberry Moonshine.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
I'm gonna open a distillery.
Go ahead take a sip.
- Mm. Mm.
- What do you think?
I brewed it up in your old fish tank.
[smacks lips]
ZORN: Ooh, look what I got, Edie.
It's our old road-trip mix.
It's all Zephyrian minstrel
ballads written about me.
♪ Fairies, queens and maidens ♪
♪ There's no girl he couldn't bed ♪
♪ Nor a soul ♪
♪ He couldn't save... ♪
[engine starts, siren blares]
[singing along]:
# Zorn, Zorn... #
Aw, crap, its the po-po.
This is what happens
when you blast Zephyrian
folk music in the burbs.
They're pulling me over
for a rolling stop?
[music stops]
What is this, traffic school?
Hey, don't worry.
Edie and I got this.
- Edes, Jewel of Mumbasca?
- Just like old times.
ZORN: Here we go.
[clears throat]
Sorry, Officer,
we were in a rush.
We have to get this
rare jewel to a museum.
Maybe he could take this
priceless, untraceable jewel
on his police motorcycle.
Are you sure, Edie?
I mean, the Jewel of Mumbasca,
which could quickly be
unloaded at any pawnshop,
is worth, oh, I'd say,
hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Are you seriously trying
to bribe a police officer?
[gasps] Frankly, I am offended
you would even think such a thing!
Why don't you look
directly into this jewel,
clear your mind, and then
tell me if you really think
we're trying to bribe you.
- And there he goes.
- Come on, come on.
Let's go.
Let's get out of here!
[Zorn laughing]
We used to use that trick
all the time in Zephyria.
EDIE: It's gotten us out
of six speeding tickets,
and a ton of public
nudity charges.
Yeah, nobody ran faster naked
than Edie.
If the cops showed up,
she was just a blur of peach.
EDIE [laughing]:
Yeah. That's true.
I used to pull some scams, too.
- Oh, really? Like what?
- Oh, yeah.
- My sisters and I would unscrew arcade games...
- ZORN: Hey, Edes,
check out this naked blast
from the past.
We were swimming in
teddy bears. [laughs]
Yeah, no, I got an app that
lets me swap people's faces,
but I did it with our genitals.
I didn't even know
that was possible.
Hey, if you like that one,
you should see the one I did
with LeBron James
and Shailene Woodley.
[Edie laughing]
Just disturbing.
ALL: Son of Zorn! Son of Zorn!
Son of Zorn!
Son of Zorn...
Yeah!
[crowd cheering]
Oh, that was a good one.
Alan, what are you doing?
Wasn't that your backpack?
Oh, no, that's someone else's
backpack... I kicked mine,
- like, five backpacks ago.
- Son of Zorn, that was incredible.
Think you can kick something
a little bigger?
[crowd cheers]
♪ Ride on my roller coaster
all day... ♪
[loud crashing]
[distorted alarm blaring]
My apartment!
I mean... my car.
Who did this?
- [quietly]: Hi, Coach...
- Son of Zorn, my office, now!
[distorted blaring continues]
[heavy metal music blasting]
# I am Zorn #
LINDA: So how long is this
Zorn mix tape?
ZORN: Oh, yeah, no, it's really long.
[sniffs] This, right here.
This, this is where Craig's trail stops.
- # I am Zorn #
- He's inside.
- Very impressive, Zorn.
- Ha! That's nothing.
I once tracked down Needle Man
in the Mountains of Haystack.
Craig, it's Edie!
I love you!
And I only want to be with you!
- Oh...
- Oh, my God.
PartyGirl82. You came.
I was starting to believe all my
friends, who said you weren't real.
[car door opens]
Um, there must be some mistake.
Wait, a minute. [car door closes]
That's Craig's sweater.
Hey, hey, hey, I'd know that
lame-ass sweater anywhere.
Where'd you dump
Craig's body, you psycho?!
Did you keep that horrible cardigan
as some sort of sick trophy?
I bought it at the Goodwill
in Fullerton Hills.
That's all I can afford after sending
all my money to PartyGirl here.
All right, this one's on Craig
for being so dang charitable.
I'm so sorry, I thought
you were my fiancé.
- I am, according to your letters.
- Okay, Edie,
let's get out of here before
this guy turns you into a suit.
- Oh, God, what are we gonna do?
- Just calm down, Edie.
I made a mistake, but I can fix it.
It's not like we have to do
anything crazy, okay? [chuckles]
Oh, I know, I'll summon a hawk.
No, Zorn.
That's too dangerous.
- No, come on, it'll be fun. No, it'll be good.
- Zorn!
So he's just gonna
ask the hawk
- where Craig is?
- That's insane.
He's just gonna swap minds
with a hawk.
Hawk-I-saw, Hawk-I-see!
By the power of Zorn,
I summon thee!
[music]
[hawk chirping]
[hawk screeching]
♪ On the wings of love ♪
♪ Up and above the clouds ♪
♪ The only way to fly... ♪
ZORN: Man, it's nice up here.
Nothing in my way but open sky.
♪ On the wings of love... ♪
What's so dangerous about this?
EDIE: Well, the hawks' minds aren't good
at adjusting to human bodies.
♪ On the wings of love
up and above the... ♪
[thud]
And it makes him think he can fly.
GYM TEACHER:
I am one loss away from being
the losingest coach in all of
California state history.
And my kicker just got deported.
I need your leg.
What? My leg?
No, I... I'm not an athlete.
[nervous chuckle]
Have you seen me?
I look like a walking bag
of wet sand, so...
You felt real cool today,
didn't you?
Probably for the first time
in your life. Look...
I've got a jersey, size
boys medium, in this drawer
- with your name on it.
- Really?
[country music playing]
Wow! My son, an athlete.
This coach has seen your wet
sandbag of a body, right?
ALAN: Yeah.
Hey, so you guys are coming
- to the game Friday, right?
- Of course we will.
My son is playing in
his first-ever football game.
You bet your ass
I'll probably be there.
Hey, and good luck with, uh,
whatever you guys are doing.
Finding your stepfather.
- Oh, yeah, right. Okay.
- JOCK: Son of Zorn, get over here!
McMurphey's about to
jump off your roof!
ALAN: Hey, well, have fun with that.
Talk to you guys later. [line beeps]
- We really raised a great son.
- Hey, that was mostly you.
I mean, I married you because
you had a smoking-hot ass.
I didn't know you'd also have
smoking-hot parenting skills.
Well, you're not
so bad yourself, Zorn.
- Linda is a lucky girl to have you.
- Well, we're both lucky.
I mean, Linda's beautiful and fun,
and now she can sit
in the back of a car
without making a sound for
what feels like an hour, right?
[chuckles]
She's not back there, is she?
[over speakers]:
# Whiskey and Zorn. #
- ROBERT: Just sign right there.
- All right.
Congratulations, Craig,
you're a millionaire. [chuckles]
That's what people are
gonna say in a few years
- when your shares in the company have value.
- Mm.
- Today you owe me $10,000.
- Okay.
- Ross Brothers Moonshine.
- No, no, no, no.
- I didn't agree to that.
- Okay, that's fair.
Hey, look, I'm gonna get out
of here and go cash this check.
- Okay. [sighs]
- Same old Craig.
- Good old Craig.
- I didn't mean it in a good way.
Have you not seen the pattern?
You left Edie
because you thought
she'd be happier
with someone else.
You're constantly funding
Robert's businesses,
even though they have
no hope of working out.
Well, "no hope" is a little strong.
Craig, you and I went to the
Dartmouth formal together,
and when your brother
asked me to dance,
you left without saying good-bye
and transferred to Chico State.
And look how well
that turned out.
I get that you like
making other people happy,
but you can't sacrifice
your own happiness to do it.
Hmm.
You know, you're right.
I should've never given away
the woman that I love.
I have waited so long
to hear you say that.
I'm coming, Edie!
Okay. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, wait.
I thought, um, maybe
there was something
still between you and me.
I'm sorry. I am done
making other people happy.
Okay.
[school bell rings]
- So, kicker, huh?
- Mm.
Thanks for pushing me
to show my legs.
[chuckles]:
Oh! Oh, you're welcome.
GYM TEACHER: Son of Zorn!
I promised you a jersey
with your name on it,
I delivered a jersey
with your name on it.
- Whoa!
- MARCUS: We're gonna go drink beers
and lock up some nerds
in the janitor's closet.
- [laughter] Yeah!
- Oh, yeah!
Yeah, that sounds awesome!
Alan, I-I thought we were
hanging out after school.
GYM TEACHER: Oh!
Maybe we need to give
these two a second.
[imitates whip cracking]
[laughter]
GYM TEACHER: I'm sorry.
No, I just did that
because I'm so lonely.
That's on me.
- Just, please...
- Son of Zorn! Yeah!
[players cheer]
MARCUS: Dude's legs rule!
Yeah. That's so cool...
Layla. Whoa.
Hey, aren't you happy
for me? What's the deal?
Alan, I thought we were going
to your mom's house to hang out.
- Do you not want to hang out?
- I do. Okay? I really do.
It's just, these are, like, the guys!
I finally have "guys."
This is starting to
feel like the real me.
Great. Well, if this
is the real you,
- maybe I'm not into the real you.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wha...
Layla. Oh, come on.
[over speakers]
# Zorn is at the party... #
[music]
ZORN: Well, we're never gonna
make it to Sacramento tonight,
so, uh... Well, this will
cheer you up, Linda.
A night at a motel
with me and my ex-wife.
It's too far and we're too tired.
Oh, you know, I could've
scored us some crystal meth
back at that truck stop
you left me at for three hours.
Linda! We apologized, okay?
And we bought you some Combos
and the Best of Toto
- on cassette tape.
- Not good enough!
Oh, perfect.
Dibs on the bathtub.
[laughs] Oh, come on, Linda.
What's the problem?
Edie and I have shared a bed
with another human before.
Actually, humans.
With an "S." Plural.
O-Okay.
It was a pile of humans.
15, 16 humans.
Completely lost track
of Edie at one point.
Oh, and full disclosure.
The beings... weren't all human.
EDIE [chuckles]: Well.
It's not like it sounds.
We were in a refugee camp.
The orgies there
were real downers.
Uh, but you know what, Linda?
You should take the bed.
You guys can even share it
together. I don't care.
What, and make you sleep
on the floor? Oh, come on.
What is this,
our home in Zephyria?
Yeah. I did have to
sleep on the floor.
ZORN: Hey. I'll tell you what.
I'll go get a roll-away,
you two have the bed.
Okay, I want you
to be honest with me.
- Okay.
- Do you still have feelings for Zorn?
[exhales]
I think that pause tells me
everything I need to know.
[chuckles]
Linda!
[chuckles softly]
[door opens]
ZORN: So, I was on my way
to go get a bed, when I
found this treasure trove.
Look at that. Half a turkey club
and an open can of diet soda.
[laughs]
Spoils go to the victor!
[spits] No, that's dip spit.
That's what that is.
Wait, she just left?
No, no, no, come on.
People don't just suddenly
get up and leave their partners.
I mean, have you ever in your
life heard of that happening?
- I have.
- I just don't get it.
She thinks... I still
want to be with you.
Wait, hold on. What?
Why would she think that?
Craig's letter put the idea
in my head, and then when Linda
asked if we still had
feelings for each other,
I don't know, I guess I just
hesitated a little too long.
Well, yeah. No.
Of course you hesitated,
because you can't handle
that I've have moved on.
What it comes down to
is that you just don't want
anyone else to have me.
Have this, and these.
I paused for a second!
That's it.
[scoffs] Maybe the real
reason she's leaving you
is because of
your insane narcissism.
Narcissism?
Hey, you know what?
I am taking the bed.
And just so
it's crystal freaking clear,
I'm willing to let you
have sex with me one time,
because I'm sad about
Linda leaving me. Hey!
Don't you walk out of here.
I'm pretty sure
I'm right in this argument,
and that does not happen a lot!
So you get back here
and apologize to me!
All right, fine!
[music]
♪ Just smile for me ♪
♪ And let the day begin ♪
♪ You are the sunshine ♪
♪ That lights my heart within ♪
♪ And I'm sure that you're
an angel in disguise ♪
♪ Come take my hand ♪
♪ And together we will rise ♪
[playing on phone]:
# On the wings of love #
♪ Up and above the clouds ♪
♪ The only way to fly... ♪
Oh, oh. Edie!
Uh, hi.
Look, I messed up,
and I'm sorry.
The truth is,
I really like you with Linda.
Thanks, Edes.
Hey, how about a friendship hug?
A small one. No hip contact.
- Get away from my fiancé.
- [gasps] Craig!
ZORN: What? No! Easy there.
It's not what it looks like.
I'm so glad you're here.
I don't care what you're glad about.
Well, I do, but now I also care
what I'm glad about.
ZORN: Oh, man, it's good to see you.
I tell you, you are
engaged to one crazy B.
I mean, we had
some good times, yes,
but you are doing me a huge
favor taking her off my hands.
- Well, how did you find us?
- Our joint credit card.
Oh, yeah, that would have been
a really good way to find you.
But, you know,
this way let me
use my Starwood points,
so we both win, huh?
CRAIG: I don't care what
pleasures of the flesh
has happened in this bawdy motel room.
- Absolutely none.
- Eh, not "none."
But it ends here.
If Edie will have me back,
I want to be back.
Forever.
And I don't care if it makes
anyone else unhappy.
EDIE: Craig!
I've waited years to hear you say
something that selfish.
Oh, I'm so glad you're back.
- [baby voice]: Ooh, my Cwaigy!
- Oh, Edie!
You changed the "R" to a "W"
and it sounded like a kid said it.
You know, now that
I think about it,
I really should've just mind
swapped with Craig right away,
and we would have known
exactly where to find him.
That's such a handy trick
to have. I wonder why I don't
use it more often, you know?
[chuckles]
Oh, that's right.
'Cause I start lactating blood.
[whistle blows]
QUARTERBACK: Hut! Hut!
[players grunting]
Hey, Linda!
We're over here!
ZORN: What? Linda came?
Uh, quick, guys,
think of a good reason I can
whip out my two penises.
That's usually
a top shelf icebreaker.
[whistle blows]
Well, I invited her.
I told her all the confusion
on the trip was my fault.
Hey, Linda, uh,
I'm glad you could come.
Edie told you
it was all her fault, right?
She did, but I'm still
a little mad at you.
I am so, so sorry Linda.
That's not how I wanted
our first road trip to go.
I wanted it to be
sweet and special,
and to include sex in at least
six different rest areas
and/or jetted tubs.
I-I promise you that I won't
ever take you for granted again.
And as a symbol of that promise,
well, here, I got you these.
[gasps] Oh, Zorn.
Oh, they're beautiful!
Thank you.
All right, I forgive you.
Plus, my apartment's
being fumigated,
so I need a place
to stay tonight.
[whispering]:
Zorn, aren't those the cursed
Crystals of Cuwathahara?
- Yes. But her parents are already dead.
- Oh.
Oh! Come on, Whitaker!
- Son of Zorn!
- Hey.
- Come here!
- Oh!
ALAN: Hey, coach, what do you need?
- What do I need?
- Yeah.
Maybe a little validation
in my life,
considering the Booster Club
didn't even tell anybody
that we were having a game!
But I'll take
a field goal and a win.
- I can... You want me to kick the field goal?
- Yeah!
- Right now?
- Right now!
- Okay.
- Oh, I'm so proud of you!
EDIE: Here we go!
This is so exciting!
Let's go, Alan!
That's our boy!
ZORN [chanting]:
Fire it up!
Take control!
Domination!
Grind the bones of your enemies
to dust and ravage their elders!
PLAYERS: Break!
MARCUS [chanting]:
Son of Zorn! Son of Zorn!
Son of Zorn!
Come on, baby!
Hut!
- [crowd gasps] Ooh!
- Oh!
[player groans]
[whistle blows]
REFEREE: Need a medic!
ZORN: Woo-hoo!
[laughs]
Way to go, Son of Zorn!
Oh, man, you totally
killed that kid!
I heard so many bones break!
Wha... I...
[player sobbing]
I don't think I understand
the rules of this game.
- Hey...
- Aw, look at my handsome little failure.
[sighs]
I lost the game, lost my new
friends and Layla, so I'm the worst.
Hey, I don't know you that well,
but I'm pretty sure
you're not the worst.
But like I said, I don't
know you that well.
Well, you know what? I do know
you, and I think you're great.
And don't you forget that.
No matter what I say
in civil court
when that poor paralyzed boy's
family decides to sue us.
LINDA: Ugh, he will never
be the same, that kid.
You know, I never seen
a live femur before.
ZORN: Don't worry, Alangulon.
The image of that boy's
broken body will eventually
fade from your memory.
Now, the sound
of that boy's body breaking?
That's probably gonna haunt you
for the rest of your life. [laughs]
[sighs]
[over speakers]: # Whiskey and Zorn,
whiskey and Zorn #
♪ Sounding his horn ♪
♪ Hope is reborn ♪
♪ This amber defender ♪
♪ Will cease my surrender ♪
♪ With wheat rye
and sweet barleycorn ♪
- # Whiskey and Zorn... #
- ZORN: I know what you're thinking.
How did this only make it to 38
on the Zephyrian Top 40, right?
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~